calculate an electricity bill based on Consumes No. of Unite.

Check units consumed is less than equal to the 40, If yes then the total electricity bill will be 
amount = units * 100;
Else if, check that units consumed is less than equal to the 100, if yes then total electricity bill will be
amount = 40 * 100 + (unit - 40) * 150;
Else if, check that units consumed is less than equal to the 200, if yes then total electricity bill will be
amount = 40 * 100 + 60 * 150 + (u - 140) * 170;
Else if, check that units consumed is greater than 200, if yes then total electricity bill will be
amount = 40 * 100 + 60 * 150 + 100 * 170 + (u - 200) * 200;

here, charges are applied to calculate total amounts are
for units 1 to 40 charge will be 100/unit,
for units 41 to 100 charge will be 150/unit,
for units 101 to 200 charge will be 170/unit,
and if units are greater than 200 charge will be 200/unit.

Here i created one class of customer, when object is created constructor is called and values assign to variale.
these are class members, store data in required form,
    ConsumerlD:number;
    Name:string;
    Pincode:number;
    billId:string
    unit:number;
    amount:number;
we recieve values of Name,Address and No.of Units from Argument. Based on these value Different values are calculated.

For ConsumerlD we receive data from enum, where PIN defines for diffrent city, Based on City this PIN assign to ConsumerlD as value.

Name,Units we receive from arguments,

For Generete BillId there is one function GenerateBillId inside bill.ts which is imported to main index. this function Generete Bill id
in this Formant :  Month/year/ConsumerlD last 2 character of customer/pincode
This is AutoGenerated.

And total Payable amount is calculate in another function named charges which take no.of units as parameter and calculate amount based on diffrent criterias as defined above. 